[Kaylie] Previously on
Make It or Break It:
[Emily] We're really in France.
Austin Tucker?
Didn't he say he won Worlds
with the worst
hangover of his life?
[Lauren] I'm pretty sure that
was his Olympic gold medal.
I'm... I'm not a fan.
Maybe we could do
something about that.
Emily needs closure with Damon.
I could leave for Paris this
afternoon and be back by curfew.
You're going to say goodbye?
What if her train is late
or Ellen Beals catches her?
She could get suspended.
Hello, Emily.
Having a nice night?
[Nastia] Lauren Tanner
will be competing today...
- Yes!
- ...in place of Emily Kmetko.
And here's word from the
National Committee.
Unfortunately Payson's
petition has been denied.
She will not be joining
the national team this year.
Time to jam to The Rock,
hotshots. Let's go.
I'm not going today.
I don't feel well.
- Are you sick?
- A little.
I think I picked up
something nasty in France.
I don't think I should push it.
I'm just gonna go back to bed.
You're going to let her
get away with that?
- Becca...
- She's obviously just
embarrassed to face Sasha.
He told her she wasn't ready to
try out for the National Team.
- Why didn't she listen?
- It's partly my fault.
I encouraged her.
After all we've been through,
I wanted to believe she
could have the back surgery
and just pick up
where she left off.
Well, what if she can't?
Ever pick up where she left off?
What are we gonna do then?
Here's the laundry.
Mother hates carnations.
I told Consuelo that!
What am I gonna do?
Chill. You've been stressing
for weeks about Gran's visit.
[sighs] Consuelo used the
lavender spray didn't she?
Mother considers anything less
than aromatic bath linens
uncivilized.
Well there aren't enough
essential oils in the world
to civilize this!
Did Chloe Kmetko spend the night
here while I was in France?
That's none of your business.
I think you need
to get a vasectomy.
- What?
- I'm sure she'd love
to trap you into marriage
with an unplanned pregnancy.
And for the record,
I wouldn't bring Chloe
around to meet Gran.
Of course not.
It's not serious enough yet
for her to meet Mother.
And you know, if I were you
I'd be less worried
about my love life
and more worried
about facing Sasha
after you blabbed
that it was your idea
to go to Beals behind his back
so she'd take you all to France.
We're in deep you-know-what.
Some of us deeper than others.
Well, we were all asked in.
And we all went behind
his back to go see Ellen Beals.
Oh, good. You're all here.
You're probably wondering
why I asked to see you
before practice.
Congratulations on winning
the team silver in France.
And double that to you, Kaylie,
for winning the all-around.
I won the Bronze.
That's exactly what I want
to see from you, Lauren.
Oh, Emily, of course I'm
curious, why you didn't compete?
I didn't compete because...
I stepped out to get
some air in Calais
even though we weren't supposed
to leave the hotel room.
And even though I was
back before bed check,
Ellen Beals found out and
wouldn't let me participate
in the meet.
It's a very tough lesson.
I hoped you learned something.
I did. I'm more committed
than ever to my gymnastics.
I'm glad to hear it.
Excuse me, question?
I hope this means I'm ranked
number two at The Rock again.
You'll be ranked how and when I
decide, the moment I decide it.
Now, go on. Get to practice.
- Kaylie?
- Mm-hm?
Can I have a word?
Uh...
I hope you're convinced
you now deserve to be
the National Champion.
I am.
It's really starting
to sink in now.
I'm number one, I deserve it.
And, uh, it's time
I started acting like it.
This is my gym now.
Good.
You know, the reason your name
is on the wall out there,
isn't just to remind
everyone that you won
Nationals this year,
but to remind them that you
are the leader of this gym.
And as such, you set
the example for all the girls
who train here and
on the national team.
Everything they do,
every victory,
every mistake,
is your responsibility.
Including the fact that Emily
disobeyed the rules in France
and didn't compete.
I know.
I wasn't the best leader
in France,
but it won't ever happen again.
And just to make sure
it won't, I have a plan.
Way to go, Pinocchio.
I wonder what
Sasha would do
if he knew the truth
about Damon and Paris?
I wonder what he'd do if he knew
you and Carter were having sex
every night in your little
love shack above the garage?
You don't have to
threaten me, Emily.
I would never tell on you.
Us girls with boyfriends
need to stick together.
I don't have a boyfriend
and I won't until after
the Olympics.
That's what I want to hear.
Look, it's my job as
the National Champ
and team leader to keep
our eyes on the prize
we've worked for
our whole lives.
Which is why I got us these.
Promise rings.
To remind us
of our one true goal.
Olympic gold.
With these rings, we promise to
focus on nothing but gymnastics
and forsake the biggest
distraction of all: boys.
That one's for Payson.
Last I heard, you're not
doing any forsaking,
No more boys, Em?
There is not a boy in the world
that could keep me away
from the Olympics.
[rock music playing]
What is Austin Tucker
doing here?
Hey!
Uh... What are you doing here?
I'm training
at The Rock now.
Does Sasha know about this?
Actually, it was his idea.
But it's only until
I can build my own gym.
Your own gym?
Yeah, my sponsors
are springing for it.
Next to my new lake house.
- You're moving to Boulder?
- You got everything here.
Waterskiing in the summer,
snowboarding in the winter...
- ...college co-eds year round.
- Big surprise.
You're not here
for the gymnastics.
Listen, I respect that
I'm a guest in your gym.
Promise, you'll hardly
know that I'm here.
[mechanized door opening]
- What is that?
- My parallel bars.
I can see that. The gym is full.
Where do you expect to put them?
In place of the second set
of uneven bars.
What? Has standing and staring
become an Olympic event?
Get moving.
- Hey, man, good to see you.
- Nice to see you.
Are you sure this isn't going to
be a distraction for the girls?
Austin Tucker seems to attract
a lot of female attention.
It just means they'll
have to focus even harder.
Austin is a living, breathing
Olympic gold medalist.
Having him here will challenge
the girls... in every way.
I hope he won't challenge
the no-dating rule.
He's known for being
a bit of a player.
I'm well aware of that,
but he has a type...
And it's not
female gymnasts.
Well, people's types can change.
Oh, like how you used to
have the hots for Steve Tanner,
for some reason,
and now you're attracted to me?
[sighs] Adults. Relief.
- Good morning.
No Payson?
She isn't feeling well,
which means she isn't
feeling up to facing you.
I need to ask you something and
you have to be brutally honest.
All right.
Will Payson ever be ready to
petition onto the national team?
Or do the changes in her body
mean her Olympic dream is dead?
[hard metal playing]
Gran! This one's for you!
Sweet girl, you terrify me
every time you get on
that godforsaken thing.
Can't you find another
life or death hobby?
Like shopping at Filene's?
Mrs. Tanner,
how nice to see you.
Summer Van Horn!
I can't tell you how
absolutely devastated I was
that you broke off your
engagement to my son.
Yes, I got your card, thank you.
You're the only women he's ever
brought home that I approved of.
Besides Lauren's mother.
Before Leslie got
into the drugs.
Well, Leslie made this
lovely and talented girl
and I'm sure she's
very proud of her.
Yeah, so proud,
she stood me up at Nationals.
Wouldn't it be great if Summer
and Dad got back together?
Well, I haven't given up.
Have you, Lauren?
Nope!
Well, thank you.
But, if you'll excuse me,
I need to get back to work.
Enjoy your visit,
Mrs. Tanner.
It's such a tragedy that Daddy's
fallen for someone else now.
Hmm, your father didn't mention
he was seeing anyone.
Because he knows
you won't approve.
He's probably just
gonna keep her tucked
away until the wedding.
And between you and me,
she's just after his money.
Which I guess someday would
include your money.
- Hmm.
- I just hope something
stops them in time.
[rock music playing]
Wow. You must chafe easily.
Or you've got a fetish
for neoprene.
I'm trying to practice.
Wow, how soon she forgets
the guy who filled her tin cup
with a ticket to Calais when
she was stranded in Le Metro
doing seal tricks for Euros.
Why did you come
to The Rock? Really?
For you of course.
- [scoffs]
- [laughs]
I had to check out
the legendary Emily,
who shattered Damon Young's
heart into a million pieces.
Very funny.
Can't a guy just like
pine trees and microbrew?
Emily! Focus!
[whispering] Oh no! You're
in trouble with Fraulein Cruz.
* My boyfriend is a rock star
* And he calls me
on the phone *
* I'm gonna take him back
Do you really need to take up
an entire parking space
with your... crotch rocket?
Shh...
She didn't mean it.
Lolita is a 1948 Indian Chief.
I rebuilt her
from the ground up.
Flathead engine, 1200 CCs,
and she has feelings.
You named your motorcycle?
Listen, I respect that you're
the star here at The Rock.
I'm not here to steal
your thunder.
In fact, I think
I could help you.
I'm the National Champion.
I don't need your help.
You're looking well, Mother.
So are you. I see you've
cut back on the hair gel.
Uh, I... I guess.
Probably because
you have less hair.
I think I'll have
a drink. Mother?
I thought you'd never ask.
Is it 5:30 yet?
- It is somewhere.
- [giggles]
So. What's new around here?
Just, uh... the usual.
Not according to your daughter.
She tells me you're
dating someone... a Chloe...
...and it's serious.
It's not that serious.
Daddy, don't be shy.
You've practically
given her house keys.
Which is why we're all
having dinner tomorrow night.
I've already made plans
with your chef.
Do you think your "Chloe"
has an opinion on Basque?
Payson? There's
someone here to see you.
- I'll make us some tea.
- Thank you.
Look, you were right
and I was wrong.
I wasn't ready to petition
onto the national team
and now I've blown my only
chance to get on to the team
and to go to Worlds.
This year. Maybe.
But what about next?
After I've grown another inch?
Let's face it,
my body's changing
and I'll never be
the same gymnast I was.
Yeah, that's true.
But, you can be
a different kind of gymnast.
Instead of being
a power gymnast,
you can be a more
of an artistic gymnast.
- Like Nastia.
- But I'm not like her.
See, I disagree.
Nastia came back from
a stress fracture to her spine,
ankle surgery, and a nine-inch
growth spurt in a period
of just five years.
She didn't have the power
of a Shawn Johnson.
What she had was meticulous
execution and artistry.
Don't you get it?
Nastia's legs are longer
than mine, and she's a twig!
She's built for all that
graceful dance stuff.
I'm just not!
- Payson, just hear me out...
- No!
Sasha, if that's your plan,
then it's over for me.
I can't be an artistic gymnast.
- I can't!
- Payson...
[door shuts]
Is Payson coming
to the gym today?
Your sister just had
a reactive moment.
She's never been one to give up.
So yeah, I think she is.
Time to get dressed
for The Rock, Pay.
I'm not going.
You heard me tell Sasha.
So that's it? No discussion?
It's your world
and we all just live in it?
I don't see how it has
anything to do with you.
Excuse me?
It's my life, not yours.
Right. And when I packed up this
family and moved us to Boulder
when you decided this was
where you wanted to train,
that had nothing to do
with my life.
And getting up every day
at the crack of dawn
to drive you to practice has
nothing to do with my life.
And it didn't affect my
life when I had to agonize
with your father
over whether or not to let
you have a risky back surgery
to keep your dream alive.
You may not see how your choices
have anything to do with us.
- But we sure do.
- What do you expect me to do?
I expect you to stop
being selfish and try
what your coach
wants you to do!
For God's sake, I gave up
my whole life for you!
Whose fault is that, Mom?
Fine. You want to give up?
Give up. I'll give up too.
You can do whatever you want.
Because it's your life!
- [door slams]
- If no one's going
to The Rock today,
can I go to the lake
with Avery?
Sure. Let's everybody just do
whatever the hell they want.
So much for us hardly
even knowing he's here.
Of course, Olympic Champ
trumps National Champ,
which is probably why his banner
is so much bigger than yours.
I could care less
about his banner.
Wow, that didn't take long.
I'm glad Austin's
training at The Rock.
It's good for business
and maybe Queen Kaylie
will stop acting as if
her sweats don't stink.
So, I missed you last night.
How's life with Gran Tanner?
Genius. I told her
about dad dating Chloe
and she insisted he
invite her to dinner tonight.
Hmm. What's so genius
about that?
Gran is the biggest snob I know
and my father lives
in mortal fear of her judgment.
So, when Chloe walks in
wearing one of her
streetwalker specials,
Gran will have a heart
attack and Dad will drop Miss
Tacky USA like a hot rock.
- Lauren...
- Mission accomplished.
So I'll see you later,
then, right?
Actually, I'm going out
with Austin tonight
to get a few cold ones.
- What?
- Don't worry genius,
I'll see you tomorrow.
Good morning, fair Chloe.
Stephen Blair Tanner, the Third!
So it turns out my mother just
hopped into town unexpectedly,
and she would love
to meet you and Emily.
You told your mother about us?
Wow! I mean, that
means a lot to me, Steve.
Yes, well, of course I did.
But it is last minute
and of course if you
have other plans...
Oh, no, no, nothing
I can't change.
I mean, this is a big deal
right? Meeting your mother?
I have to tell you,
she's pretty tough.
Very... exacting.
Steve, you don't ever have to
be embarrassed about your mother
around me.
[girls chattering, giggling]
Look at all them in
full makeup for practice.
Yep, Austin Tucker's
inspiring the girls all right.
To be dingbats.
This is an elite gym,
not Spring Break in Daytona.
He's taking Carter out
to drink tonight.
Some influence.
I say as long as he stays
on that side of the gym,
we just ignore him.
Excuse me, what are you doing?
Measuring for the men's
high bar. Austin wants
to put it here.
- What?
- Oh, this is war!
Um... I'm sorry to interrupt
your rigorous training,
but for your information, the
men's high bar goes in the
annex building out back
and that's where
it's gonna stay.
Yeah, no. It's cold out there.
- And the lighting sucks.
- Mmm, too bad.
The girls are the
stars of this gym.
We pay dues, too.
But we're the ones that
put this gym on the map,
and let's face it, no one
cares about men's gymnastics.
- That was before I came along.
- [chuckling]
I appreciate women's gymnastics,
but men's gymnastics
are more challenging.
We do six apparatuses,
you only do four.
That's because the four
we do require more precision,
artistry, and frankly, skill.
We don't just tumble around
and flex our muscles.
Hey, the men can do
anything you can do,
but I'd like to see
the women do what we do.
I've got an idea, why don't we
compete for space in The Rock?
Boys against girls.
We'd love to publicly
humiliate you,
but Sasha's never letting
you put the high bar in here,
either way.
I don't know about that.
Any occasion to compete
with real stakes is a good
idea as far as I'm concerned.
OK, but when we win,
your parallel bars go
in the annex building, too.
Fine by me, because when we win,
the high bars go there
and your balance beam
goes to the arctic annex.
Deal.
You know, and just to make
things a little more fun,
each gets to decide which
apparatus the other team
gets to compete on.
Love it. Austin, we'd like
to see you compete on... beam.
Carter Anderson, uneven bars.
Lauren Tanner... Rings.
Emily... Parallel bars.
Floor. To music. And dance
choreography, just like a girl.
- No way. I'm out.
- [laughing]
I'll take the challenge, but
Kaylie has to do floor as well.
Men's style, the required
amount of tumbles,
which is... three times as much
as the girls are required to do.
Done. It's on.
[Carter] Like Donkey Kong.
Goin' down!
You're goin' down.
[dance music playing]
* Push a little bit
louder, yeah *
* Push a little bit stronger
* Push a little bit
harder, yeah*
* Push a little bit faster
* Push a little bit
harder, yeah *
* Push a little bit faster
[grunting]
[grunts]
Ah!
* Spin it, turn
roll it 'round *
* DJ got style
and I like his vibe *
* High tunes
I like 'em low *
* Miss Monroe
is ready fo' sho' *
* High school was for you
* Music control
was my only goal *
* Save my soul now, Mr. Lord
* And you'll be ready
to dig some gold **
[exclaims]
Do you think this
is Sasha's punishment
for us going to Beals
behind his back?
If so, it's working.
I have bruises on my bruises.
Look, all we have to do tomorrow
is suck less than the boys.
And from what I saw today,
we've got this in the bag.
Mom...
I'll go to The Rock
tomorrow if you want.
It isn't about what I want.
It's about what you want.
Then, why do you care
if Payson quits?
You're right. It isn't my dream.
It's Payson's.
And who knows? Maybe
it is time to let it go.
Because she's not
the best anymore?
We've made a lot of
sacrifices, you included.
What if she'll never
be what she was?
Is it still all worth your dad
being in Minnesota
and us being here?
I guess not if you're only
pursuing your dream to be
the best, but...
I thought gymnastics
was supposed to be fun
and teach us about discipline
and hard work
and all the stuff that
will take us far in life,
no matter what we do.
And what wise people said that?
[chuckles]
You say it all the time.
You know, we weren't always
the "all gymnastics
all the time" family.
We used to have fun
doing other things.
Remember how we'd go ice skating
at Grandma's every week
in the winter?
- I miss that.
- Yeah, me too.
No way. Absolutely not.
Come on sweetie,
it's just one night!
Well, then Brian can go.
He's at computer camp
and you know that.
Seriously, Mom. You're asking me
to have dinner with Mr. Tanner,
his mother and Lauren?
Are you hopped up
on those diet pills again?
Honey, you're not getting it.
This is obviously a big deal.
A man doesn't introduce you
to his mother unless it's
really serious.
I mean, this is practically
the next step before commitment.
Oh, my God.
This actually means something
to you, doesn't it?
You're serious about him.
Honey, he wants me
to meet his mom.
Nobody's ever introduced me
to their mother before.
And I really, really want
to impress her.
And let's face it. You're the
most impressive thing about me.
So, please, please?
- OK.
- Oh, great!
Bye.
I cannot wait to see
what Gran makes of Chloe's...
...interesting sense
of style and use of grammar.
Chloe is a lovely woman
and Gran will enjoy her.
If she doesn't drop dead
of a heart attack
- the second she sees Chloe...
- [doorbell rings]
...in one of her
Girls Gone Wild knockoffs.
I'll get it!
Chloe and Emily,
delighted to meet you.
Goodness, Chloe, you're even
lovelier than Steve said!
Please, come in.
So, I owe you an apology.
No, you were right.
I am selfish.
And... You did give up
your whole life for me.
Listen, the truth is, that
happened the day you were born.
Because when you have children,
they become your life.
And I wouldn't want it
any other way. I'm sorry, Pay.
I was stressed. And I still
don't understand why
you'd give up on your dream
when there's still a chance?
Remember how much I used to
love ice skating when
I was little?
Yes, you were great at this.
You've always been
an amazing athlete.
Exactly. I'm an athlete,
not a princess.
When I was seven, I wanted
to be in the Great River Mall
Ice Capades show
because I really, really
wanted to be the princess.
I don't remember that.
yeah, because I got
cast as the prince.
Oh, that I remember.
I made you a great costume...
- That's exactly the point, Mom!
- What?
I got cast as the prince,
because the director said
I was built more like a boy.
And then later I heard
all the girls laughing at me
for even thinking I was
graceful enough or pretty enough
to ever, ever be a princess.
Oh, why didn't you tell me?
Because I knew you'd just
tell me the prince was
the cooler part
instead of telling me
what I really wanted to hear.
Which was?
That they were all wrong
and I would have been the most
beautiful princess in the world.
And that's why you
want to give up?
You don't think you're
graceful enough to be
a more artistic gymnast?
- I'm scared, Mom.
- It's OK.
It's OK to be scared
of trying something new.
But if you don't try at all...
...you could become scared
of your whole life.
And one more thing.
I think you would have made
the most beautiful princess
in the world.
- And I still do.
- [Becca] Hey, grannies.
Senior citizens skate at 5:00.
Are we gonna let her
get away with that?!
- Absolutely not.
- Come here!
Well, the whole meal
was wonderful.
Especially the "excargot."
Escargot are snails.
You know that, right?
[Chloe] Of course.
Did you get them
out of your garden?
No, but what a good idea with
the prices they're charging at
the gourmet markets these days.
So where did you
go to school, Chloe?
Um, Jefferson High
in Waco, Texas.
But don't you
hold that against me.
And after high school?
I intended to go to college
but circumstances weren't
in my favor.
Circumstances?
I think she means getting
knocked up with Emily.
How old were you?
Well, I was 18.
Chloe is a marvelous mother,
and Emily is the proof of that.
Thank you, Mr. Tanner.
She certainly is.
Did you enjoy your
visit to France?
I did. Emily got caught sneaking
out to see a boy in Paris
and didn't get to compete.
I was just visiting a friend
and I would have been back
with plenty of time if I had
a round trip ticket like
I thought.
Well, good for you, Emily.
What a shame to go
to France and not see Paris.
I wonder where dessert is?
Well I'm delighted I got
to meet you and your
lovely daughter, Chloe.
You have me to thank for that.
Gran's visit's been
scheduled for weeks,
but Dad didn't even
want to introduce you two,
until I told Gran
about his newest girlfriend.
Weeks?
[Lauren] But that's men,
I guess.
They don't want to bring
a woman home to meet mother
unless she's the one.
I'm sorry, Mrs. Tanner.
You're gonna have to excuse us.
I have to go to the gym
early in the morning,
and I need to finish all
my schoolwork before bed.
Thank you Mr. Tanner and Lauren.
- Dinner was unforgettable.
- Yes. Thank you. It was.
Wait, we can show ourselves out.
So where is dessert?
I told you, right? That woman
is a gold-digging disaster.
There is nothing sadder
than a lady with no class.
I know. And you should see
how she really dresses.
Like the hoochie mama she is.
Well... true class is
about having graciousness.
No matter what.
Even if someone is setting you
up, or undermining you.
True class is exhibiting manners
when someone is trying to pull
you in the gutter.
I saw two women
with real class tonight.
And Lauren, the only person
at that table tonight
who was truly tacky, was you.
I understand you feel
abandoned by your mother
and I know that's where
a lot of your anger comes from,
but you are a Tanner,
and the Tanners are,
above all, gracious,
especially when hosting
people in their home.
I would do you a disservice
if I didn't tell you how much
you disappointed me tonight.
Ladies and gentleman...
may I please present
your fair and unbiased
judges, assistant coaches,
Tarah and Jake!
Now, we all know what's
at stake so...
- Let's get ready to tumble!
- [cheering]
Whoo!
All right, ladies, this is
our gym and we are strong...
And graceful and capable
of trying stuff that scares
us and kicking some serious ass!
It's about time you
showed your face here.
Yeah well, get used to it.
- [all] Go Rock Girls, go!
- Whoo!
I just wanted to say
good luck, and be careful.
This really isn't worth
getting injured over.
Back 'atcha. We saw you
practically neuter yourself
- on the beam yesterday.
- [snickering]
Well, may the best
men or women win.
And first up on men's parallel
bars, we have Emily K-K-Kmetko!
[cheering]
[rock music playing]
* I ain't gonna stop
Never gonna stop *
So keep it comin' *
* I ain't gonna stop
Never gonna stop *
- [crowd cheering]
- * So keep it comin'
Next up, on the beam,
we have Austin Tucker!
[rock music playing]
We have so got this.
Tear it up, Austin!
* How many times
have they wasted? *
* Count the times
they've counted you out *
* Sometimes I see it
* Sometimes I feel it
* Sometimes...
You were saying?
The women's uneven bars,
now being attempted
by Carter Anderson.
[upbeat music playing]
* You keep me runnin'
* And I'm running out of time
* Well I give you anything
* If anything
would make you proud *
* Let's kick it in
* Do you feel it
- * Do, do you feel it? *
- [cheering]
That was pretty lame.
We're still in this.
Get it, Lo.
[Sasha] Let's see
if the queen of the beam
can make the rings sing.
It's Lauren Tanner,
on the men's rings.
[rock music playing]
[all cheering]
Chloe, I'm an idiot.
No, Steve, I'm the idiot.
For dressing up like Jackie-O
so you wouldn't be afraid of
what your mother thought of me.
- And...
- I did it because
I was excited and touched
that you wanted to introduce
me to your mother.
- Because...
- I thought it meant you were
serious about me. And us.
- Which...
- You clearly aren't.
Which is the real reason you
don't want anyone around here
to know about us.
- That's...
- Bull malarkey!
Let me tell you something.
I am proud of who I am.
I am proud of the way I dress.
Because with me, what you
see is what you get.
I am real and I am honest
and you're lucky that
a woman like me
would even give you
the time of day.
What? What are you doing?
[classical music playing]
[laughter]
- [cheering]
- Boom!
Boom.
OK, we can still win this.
Bring it home, Kaylie.
And don't blow it.
I am not freezing my butt off
doing beam in the annex.
[Sasha] Now, with
nothing to lose...
- Go get 'em. Come on.
- ...is Kaylie Cruz!
[rock music playing]
[cheering]
- [cheering]
- Whoo!
Well, even if we don't beat
the boys, the good news is,
you and I won't have to suffer
through any more family dinners.
Just practice every day
in the gym, unfortunately.
So the results are in,
In the 2010 Rock Men
versus Rock Women,
the winners and deciders
of where the high bar belongs,
by a small margin...
...is the Rock Men.
- [men cheering]
- What?
Excuse me! May I have
everyone's attention?
This woman, Chloe Kmetko
and I, are dating,
or I hope we're still dating,
because she is beautiful
and smart and has true class
and I want everyone to know,
I'm nuts about her!
Will you give me
another chance? Please?
Well, OK, but this
is the last one.
[people cheering, hooting]
I guess you were right,
people's types do change.
[acoustic music playing]
* It's coming down...
Hey, where's the sportsmanship
around here?
Etiquette calls for the loser
to shake the winner's hand.
Look, I'm sorry.
I'm a founding member
of this gym. I grew up here.
We've worked really hard
and risked a lot to put
The Rock on the map.
I know.
That's why I'm here.
The deal is, I'd been
getting a little scattered.
I needed a little inspiration,
so I came here, because
The Rock girls are it.
You're it.
You girls are on fire.
You're passionate
and determined and fearless.
I could use a little
more of that these days.
Right.
How about a compromise?
High bar stays in back, but
parallel bars stay in The Rock.
That seems fair.
[horn honks]
Cool, see you tomorrow.
* I wish you could see how
you've burned so bright *
* This is your life
Hey! What's everybody
doing tonight?
Um... Kaylie asked us
over to commiserate.
There's gonna be
ice cream involved.
That's cool. I have plans
with Carter anyway.
You guys can go
polish your promise rings
or whatever it is you do
if you don't have a boyfriend.
[chuckles] See ya!
* 'Cause this is your life
[Kaylie] Come on, guys.
[girls laughing, chattering]
* There's nothing here
to fight *
* I wish you could see how
you burned so bright *
* This is your life
* Don't try to get it right
* You've climbed
to such great heights *
* And everyone sees
how you burned so bright *
* This is your life
* This is your life *